# Color Monster

You are a color monster trainer. In a black and white world, color monsters
are the greatest fighters. Explore the world. Collect more monsters to train.
Battle other trainers.

# Building

Color Monster is montser training game designed for the TinyArcade platform.
Load the viobyte.ino in the Arduino IDE. Install the TinyScreen and SdFat
library and you should be able to build it for your device.

If you want to play it on a Linux computer, you can use the tinyscreensim
program (https://github.com/dulsi/tinyscreensim). Install glfw3 library.
Download the tinyscreensim. Run it with the command like:

../tinyscreensim/tinyscreensim colormonster colormonster.ino

Now you should be able to run colormonster.

# Thanks
The Cateye image is based on the Cateye from Tuxemon by Cavalcadeur. Image is
licensed under CC-BY-SA 4.0. Transformed to black and white by Dennis Payne.

The Weavifly image is based on the Weavifly from Tuxemon by Spalding004. Image
is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International licence.
Transformed to black and white by Dennis Payne.

The Falcono image is based on the Falcono from Tuxemon. Original design and
sprites by Catch Challenger. Catch Challenger is an open source project, with
assets under Creative Commons Attribution. Transformed to black and white by
Dennis Payne.

The Sharpfin image is based on the Sharpfin from Tuxemon. Original design by
Leo and extyrannomon. Sprites by Sanglorian. Image is licensed under CC-BY-SA
4.0. Transformed to black and white by Dennis Payne.

The Propellercat is based on the Propellercat from Tuxemon. Original idea by
TheSplashDragon. Design and sprites by tamashihoshi. Image is licensed under
CC-BY-SA 4.0. Transformed to black and white by Dennis Payne.

The Eruptibus image is based on the Eruptibus from Tuxemon. Original design by
Leo. Sprites by josepharaoh99 and Leo. Image is licensed under CC-BY-SA 4.0.
Transformed to black and white by Dennis Payne.

The font is ASCII Bitmap Font "oldschool" by domsson
https://opengameart.org/content/ascii-bitmap-font-oldschool

The portraits are based on 48x48 Face Template by Charles Gabriel. Commissioned
by OpenGameArt.org (http://opengameart.org). Modified by Dennis Payne.
